- English as a global language
	In general, the most popular language is English. In this computer age, English is the only language that
any one can understand. So to say, it has become as an ideal language for expressing our feelings.As we
know that we are living in the world of globalization. English language is a common language and is
spoken in many countries.No one denies the importance of English language in the present time as
global language. It is clear that the English language has become more dominant around the
world.There is no doubt that, the English is language of communication between the people with
different cultures . It is also the language of computers that help to communicate with the people
around the world through Internet technology and e-mail

- Importance of English in Business Communication
	Learning English can be the cornerstone of success in the business world due to the fact that English has
become a global language in many industries
English has emerged as the global language of trade and commerce in the past few decades, affecting
many key aspects of business in the modern world. The English language first spread as the result of
colonial expansion, and has become the standard for all important official communications in an
increasingly large number of countries with a wide variety of native languages. In the modern world,
thanks to the Internet, English continues to spread as the major medium through which both small
businesses and large corporations do business.

- IMPORTANCE OF ENGLISH COMMUNICATION FOR ENGINEERING STUDENTS
	Engineering is the biggest field of study in the world. First of all English is a tool that significantly affects
engineering students in academic life. While most of the theories in engineering are taught in English,it
requires to have good English commmunication competence. In academic life ,engineering students
have to deal with the countless English lectures,tutorials,labs,project reports and papers.Most
engineering professors in various universities are also conducting lectures in English.The most
convenient source of information i.e.Internet provides most of the information in English.